General 
Voice Chat - The new Voice Chat feature is now available in game. Players will need to go into the options menu under Sound & Voice to activate it. Volume sliders are available for the microphone, speakers, and game-audio fade (which automatically lowers the game audio when a voice communication is received), as is a “push-to-talk” setting. Right-clicking on a player’s name now includes the option to mute or unmute that player. Muting another player blocks all voice chat from him or her; the ignore feature now blocks both voice chat and text chat from that player. For the Voice Chat FAQ visit the following links:
0. Voice Chat F.A.Q. 8/29/07 08/10/2007 09:22:20 AM PDT by Nethaera
0. Voice Chat FAQ Update 8/29 08/29/2007 06:31:47 PM PDT by Drysc
Chat Channels - New Chat Channel controls and functionality are now available under the chat tab in the Social Window of the interface. The interface will now show the channels players are in or are available, depending on the area of the world they are in, along with new private channel controls.
Haste: Haste has been rebalanced. It has returned to the ratios from the launch of Burning Crusade. Melee attacks and spell casts will now benefit at identical rates from haste. This change results in a reduction in the benefit of haste for melee attacks and an increase in the benefit for spellcasters.
Auction House generated emails for successful auction sales will now have a one-hour delay and is no longer instantaneous.
Troll Berserk: The spell haste on this ability was incorrectly too high and has been corrected.
Resilience rating: The reduction to the percent chance to get a critical strike now also reduces the damage dealt by damage over time effects by the same percentage.
Daze: Defense skill will no longer reduce the chance players have to receive the Daze effect when attacked from behind by enemies. "The Daze change was NOT implemented in this patch and was pulled."[1]
Area Spells: In some cases guards in neutral areas would not aggro against pvp attacks from area spells. That is now fixed.
Corrected the damage modifier calculation for Resilience when the attacker has bonus critical strike damage.
Power Regeneration: Any effect which triggers a change in your rate of power regeneration (Mana, Rage, Energy, Focus) will now cause an immediate reward of some power at the old rate of increase, and then begin new “ticks” of power at the new rate approximately 2 seconds later. This was done to improve functionality of abilities such as Evocation and Innervate so that they did not have wasted “ticks”.
Pets are now affected by Paladin greater blessings.
Kill Triggered Effects: Effects that trigger from killing your target will no longer trigger from killing your pet.
Non combat pets may not be selected as the target for spells or abilities.
Non-combat pets now have the tag "Companion" instead of "Minion".
Being attacked by guardians, such as summoned Treants, will no longer automatically cause neutral guards to attack you.
Meeting Stones can no longer be used to summon players that do not meet the level requirements.
Damage and health leech effects always affect flying players even if they are immune to the rest of the spell’s effects while in flight.
PVP
Dueling players may not use a Lightwell that they didn’t create themselves.
Battlegrounds
A new feature for reporting players as being AFK in battlegrounds by right clicking has been added. When enough reports are registered, a 60 second debuff will begin to count down. Once the timer is up a new debuff will appear that will prevent the player from gaining any honor while it is on. This debuff can be negated as soon as the player engages in PvP combat.
Eye of the Storm: The points awarded from capturing the flag now increase based on the number of bases the capturing teams owns.
Arenas
Arena calculations have been modified. In addition, the penalty for smaller arena teams (2v2, 3v3) has been slightly reduced.
Items that are indicated as quest items in their tooltips and have a "use" or "equip" ability will not work in PvP arenas.
Players will no longer be able to change armor once an arena battle has begun. Changing armor will still be available during the one-minute prep time prior to the battle. Main hand, off hand and range weapon swapping in combat remains unchanged.
Druids
Cat Form (Night Elf) melee attack range was too short compared to Tauren Cat Form and other attack ranges. It has been increased.
Cyclone: It is no longer possible to Cyclone two targets at the same time in the outdoor world.
Cyclone: Paladin Auras, Trueshot Aura, and Aspect of the Pack will now be automatically reactivated when Cyclone wears off of a victim who had one of the abilities active.
Enrage: If this buff is clicked off early, the armor penalty it causes will now be removed as well.
Enrage and Furor should no longer initiate combat, though it will prevent rage decay for the duration.
Entangling Roots: It is no longer possible to have Entangling Roots on two targets at the same time in the outdoor world.
Entangling Roots: It is no longer possible to have more than one rank of this spell active on a player.
Force of Nature: Using this spell in a neutral town will no longer cause its victim to be attacked by town guards. It also will no longer cause nearby party members to lose stealth.
Hibernate and Entangling Roots duration against PvP targets has been reduced to 10 seconds.
Hurricane: This spell is now affected by area damage caps. Its bonus damage coefficients have also been increased.
Hurricane: A tooltip error in rank 3 has been corrected.
Lacerate: The damage from this ability will now stack properly when two different characters are applying Lacerate to a target.
Mangle: The duration remaining graphic will now display properly for Mangle after it has been refreshed on a target. It will also no longer sometimes apply the Mangle debuff to nearby targets when the Mangle victim is killed by Mangle.
Nature's Grasp: This ability can now trigger while the Druid is sitting.
Tree of Life: The party aura from this shapeshift now extends the full 40-yard radius as stated in the tooltip.
Hunters
Aspect of the Cheetah: This ability will now cause Hunters to become dazed when struck while sitting.
Aspect of the Pack: This ability will now cause party members to become dazed when struck while sitting.
Aspect of the Viper: This ability has received a slight redesign. The amount of mana regained will increase as the Hunter’s percentage of mana remaining decreases. At about 60% mana, it is equivalent to the previous version of Aspect of the Viper. Below that margin, it is better (up to twice as much mana as the old version); while above that margin, it will be less effective. The mana regained never drops below 10% of intellect every 5 sec. or goes above 50% of intellect every 5 sec.
Freezing Trap and Scare Beast duration against PvP targets has been reduced to 10 seconds.
Hunter's Mark: The duration remaining graphic will now display properly for Hunter's Mark after it has been refreshed on a target, and will properly consume mana when recasting it to refresh its duration.
Kill Command will not charge the hunter mana if their pet is on passive.
Kill Command no longer affects the Hunter’s current target.
Misdirection: Items used while Misdirection is active will now consume a charge correctly.
Steady Shot: The tooltip stating the percentage of Attack Power gained by Steady Shot was inaccurate and has been corrected. The damage remains unchanged.
Volley: This spell is now affected by area damage caps. Its bonus damage coefficients have also been increased. It also correctly consumes charges of Misdirection.
Hunter pets Raptors can now learn Dash.
Mages
Arcane Missiles: Some procs were not triggered by this spell and now will be (such as Eye of Magtheridon). The tooltip for this spell will now update correctly when a Mage is affected by spell haste.
Blizzard: This spell is now affected by area damage caps. Its bonus damage coefficients have also been increased.
Dragon's Breath: The movement-slowing component of this spell is now properly considered a Snare. Immunity and clearing effects will now work properly with it.
Frost Nova: This spell is now affected correctly by area damage caps.
Molten Armor: This armor can now be triggered while the Mage is sitting.
Polymorph duration against PvP targets has been reduced to 10 seconds.
Slow: It is no longer sometimes possible to Slow two targets at the same time in the outdoor world.
Spellsteal now receives the proper amount of points from a stacked aura.
Paladins
Auras: Changing auras will no longer trigger effects that occur when you cast a spell.
Blessing of Freedom cooldown increased to 25 seconds.
Blessing of Protection: This spell can no longer be cast on others when stunned. It can only be cast on self (to break the stun) under those circumstances.
Blessing of Kings, Light, Might, Salvation, Sanctuary and Blessing of Wisdom increased to 10 minutes.
Blessing of Sacrifice now has a 1-minute cooldown.
Consecration will now properly hit large creatures.
Greater Blessing of Kings, Light, Might, Salvation, Sanctuary and Wisdom increased to 30 minutes.
Guardian's Favor now increases duration of Blessing of Freedom by 2/4 seconds.
Eye for an Eye: This ability can now trigger while the Paladin is sitting.
Hammer of Wrath cast time reduced to .5 seconds, global cooldown reduced to .5 seconds.
Illumination: Paladins will now correctly gain mana from this ability if they sit down to drink right after a healing crit, and receiving mana from this ability will no longer cause a Paladin who is sitting to stand up.
Judgement: The Judgement spells will no longer cause triggered effects to go off twice.
Redoubt: This ability can now trigger while the Paladin is sitting.
Reckoning: This ability can now trigger while the Paladin is sitting.
Righteous Defense: In some cases this ability would fail to work properly when the Paladin casting it had just been crowd controlled by a creature. That is now fixed.
Sanctified Judgement: This talent will now give the correct amount of mana when used in conjunction with Seal of Justice.
Seal of Righteousness: The tooltip for this ability has been improved. It now displays a different number for one-handed weapons and two-handed weapons, and adjusts to the speed of your current weapon. It displays a single number, rather than a range of numbers for different handedness and speeds.
Seal of Vengeance: The damage from this ability will now stack properly when two different characters are applying Seal of Vengeance effects to a target.
Seal of Vengeance duration increased to 15 seconds. In addition, when Seal of Vengeance strikes a target that already has 5 applications you will cause instant Holy damage.
Priests
Focused Power: This talent now increases the hit chance of all components of Mass Dispel correctly.
Inner Focus: This ability will no longer lose charges when Shadowguard or Touch of Weakness is triggered.
Lightwell: The heals from this ability are now increased by the bonus healing effects on the Priest.
Mass Dispel: The portion of this spell that removes immunity effects (Blessing of Protection, Ice Block, etc.), now has a chance to be resisted, and will display correctly to the combat log. It will no longer cause Rogues and Druids in Cat Form to lose stealth.
Mind Control: Creatures immune to this spell will now cause an immediate error message rather than make it seem like the spell succeeded with no effect.
Mind Control duration against PvP targets has been reduced to 10 seconds.
Pain Suppression: This talent will now reduce the chance for any buff on the Priest to be dispelled, rather than reduce the chance of dispelling buffs cast while it is active.
Prayer of Mending: This spell can no longer jump to an Imp with Phase Shift active. It will also no longer cause the healed target to stand up.
Prayer of Mending: This ability will now be triggered when a player takes damage from effects placed on friendly targets.
Shadowguard: This ability will now work properly even when the Priest is stunned, fleeing, or incapacitated.
Shackle Undead: It is no longer possible to have Shackle Undead on two targets at the same time in the outdoor world.
Surge of Light: This ability now properly grants its effects to one and only one casting of Smite each time it activates. Interaction issues with Inner Focus have been fixed.
Touch of Weakness: This ability will now trigger properly if struck while mounted.
Rogues
Blade Flurry: This ability will now do damage to secondary targets when the primary target takes no damage due to a damage shield (such as Power Word: Shield).
Cold Blood: This effect will now be consumed by all crits, including those against targets with damage shields.
Master of Subtlety: The bonus damage from this talent is now properly removed when a Rogue loses stealth from zoning.
Sap: It is no longer sometimes possible to Sap two targets at the same time in the outdoor world.
Sap duration against PvP targets has been reduced to 10 seconds.
Sword Specialization: This talent’s free extra attacks can no longer trigger additional extra attacks.
Shaman
Earthbind Totem: This totem will no longer break Rogue stealth.
Earth Shield: It is no longer possible to Earth Shield two targets at the same time in the outdoor world.
Earth Shield is now canceled at logout.
Elemental Focus: The free spell triggered by a Lightning Overload will no longer consume this effect.
Flametongue Weapon: Damage lowered slightly on rank 6 so that it is never better than rank 7.
Focused Mind (Restoration) now reduces duration of Silence/Interrupt mechanics by 10/20/30%.
Lightning Shield: This ability will now work properly even when the Shaman is stunned, fleeing, or incapacitated.
Nature's Guardian: This ability can now trigger while the Shaman is sitting.
Totems: Totems that grant only friendly beneficial effects will no longer trigger attacks from neutral city guards.
Warlocks
Banish, Seduction, Enslave Demon and Fear duration against PvP targets has been reduced to 10 seconds.
Death Coil: Immunity to Horror effects no longer grants immunity to the damage portion of this spell.
Demonic Knowledge: This effect will no longer deactivate when the Warlock's pet is Banished.
Drain Life: The tooltip for this spell will now update correctly when a Warlock is affected by spell haste.
Inferno: This spell will now cause the Infernal's attacks to put the Warlock into combat with neutral town guards.
Intercept (Felguard) will now cause damage to targets that are immune to stun.
Nether Protection: This ability can now trigger while the Warlock is sitting.
Nightfall: This ability can now trigger while the Warlock is sitting.
Rain of Fire: This spell is now affected by area damage caps. Its bonus damage coefficients have also been increased.
Seed of Corruption: Dead targets will no longer be erroneously counted toward the damage cap on this spell.
Shadow Embrace: The effect from this talent will no longer last indefinitely if applied while charmed by an NPC.
Unstable Affliction: This spell will no longer fail when a Warlock deselects their target midway through the cast.
Warriors
A Warrior's Overpower will properly become available when one of his Sword Specialization procs is dodged by another player.
Bloodrage should no longer initiate combat, though it will prevent rage decay for the duration.
Bloodrage: Warriors no longer remain in combat indefinitely if this ability is active while zoning.
Devastate: The duration remaining graphic will now display properly for Sunder Armor after it has been refreshed on a target by Devastate.
Intercept will now cause damage to targets that are immune to stun.
Sword Specialization: This talent’s free extra attacks can no longer trigger additional extra attacks.
Items
Adamantite Bound Chest: This chest found in the outdoor world now contain level-appropriate loot.
Adamantite Bound Chest: These chests will no longer contain Adamantite Bars.
Adamantite Figurine: This item is no longer affected by global cooldowns.
Airman's Ribbon of Gallantry: The tooltip for this item now lists the effect duration.
Alliance Shaman Level 60 PvP Items: These now have the correct costs.
Ankhs now stack to ten.
Ashtongue Talisman of Lethality: This trinket now works properly with Kidney Shot.
Avatar Raiment Set: The set bonus for Renew now increases the duration of Renew by 3 seconds instead of increasing the target's resistance.
Black Qiraji Battletank: It is no longer possible to cast a spell while boarding this mount.
Blazefury Medallion: This item will no longer trigger against targets affected by Sap.
Characters with a full inventory who turn in a Deathwing Brood Cloak to Sky Commander Keller in exchange for an Apexis Crystal will now receive the crystal in the mail.
Corrected the sound made by many items when moved in players' inventories.
Corruptor Raiment Set: The pet healing bonus from this set is now triggered from damage dealt instead of damage received, at a lower percentage. Damage over time spells will trigger it correctly.
Corruptor Raiment: The heal from this set bonus can no longer be a critical heal.
Crown of the Sun: This item now makes the correct sound when moved in inventory.
Crystalweave Bracers: This item now makes the correct sound when moved in inventory.
Cyclone Regalia: The tooltip on the Energize bonus has been altered to state this bonus only reduces the base mana cost of the spell.
Darkmoon Card: Madness: This item will no longer trigger from using Demonic Sacrifice on a pet.
Darkmoon Card: Crusade: This item can no longer trigger from Mind Soothe, Soothe Animal, or Mind Vision.
Deathmantle Armor Pieces: These items now make the correct sound when moved in inventory.
Defiler's Plate Spaulders: Honor cost of this item corrected to its intended value.
Demonic Bulwark: This item incorrectly had a base amount of bonus healing in addition to its random stats. That base bonus healing has been removed.
Essence Infused Mushroom: This item can now be disenchanted.
Eye of Arachnida: This item's 3rd charge will now work correctly. However, an item with 0 charges will remain, and this item is now unable to be vendored or disenchanted.
Faceplate of the Impenetrable: This item now makes the correct sound when moved in inventory.
Fel Reaver’s Piston: This item will no longer be triggered by the healing generated by Vampiric Embrace.
Figurine of the Colossus: This item is no longer affected by global cooldowns.
Figurine of the Colossus: This item is now usable when the user has no mana.
Grips of Silent Justice: This item now makes the correct sound when moved in inventory.
Heavy Fel Iron Chest: These chests found in the outdoor world now contain level-appropriate loot.
Horde Paladin Level 60 PvP Items: These now have the correct costs.
Incarnate Raiment Set: The Flexibility buff from this set is no longer removed by taking damage.
Increased the duration of the Mystical Skyfire Diamond’s cast speed buff to 10 seconds.
Insignia of the Alliance: This item now indicates it removes effects instead of dispelling them.
Insignia of the Horde: This item now indicates it removes effects instead of dispelling them.
Kronk's Grab Bag: This bag will now always contain some item.
Leggings of Beast Mastery: The stamina and armor granted by this item for your pet have been increased.
Leggings of Divine Retribution: This item now makes the correct sound when moved in inventory.
Libram of Avengement: The tooltip for this item now specifies it only works with the damaging Judgements (Command, Righteousness, Vengeance, Blood).
Lionheart Champion: This item now has a sound effect on its proc.
Lionheart Executioner: This item now has a sound effect on its proc.
Mark of Defiance: This item is now triggered from landing harmful spells on a target, instead of just direct-damage spells.
Marshal's Silk Cuffs: Critical strike rating on this item now the same as General's Silk Cuffs.
Medallion of the Alliance: This item now indicates it removes effects instead of dispelling them.
Medallion of the Horde: This item now indicates it removes effects instead of dispelling them.
Merciless Gladiator’s Barrier: This spell damage shield has been added to the arena vendor.
Merciless Gladiator’s Legguards: This item now appears as a kilt.
Merciless Gladiator's Plate Helm: The melee hit rating on this item has been changed to hit rating (it now applies to melee and ranged).
Merciless Gladiator's Plate Helm will now properly hide facial hair.
Merciless Gladiator’s Redoubt: This healing shield has been added to the arena vendor.
Merciless Gladiator’s Ringmail Helm: This item will no longer disable hair from being displayed.
Merciless Gladiator’s Leather Spaulders: Critical strike rating was too low and has been fixed.
Merciless Gladiator's Touch of Defeat: This item now has a fire shoot animation to match its damage type.
Mystical Skyfire Diamond: Channeled spells will now properly consume the Focus effect.
Netherblade armor now has the correct sounds associated with it.
Pendant of the Violet Eye: This item will now trigger properly from spells that cost a percentage of base mana.
Power Infused Mushroom: This item can now be disenchanted.
Rift Stalker Armor: The pet healing set bonus now heals for a percentage of damage dealt by the Hunter.
Shuriken of Negation: Item level and stats increased to match other items in from Gruul.
Six Demon Bag: The damage spells cast by this item no longer benefit from a player’s bonus spell damage effects.
Skyguard Silver Cross: The tooltip for this item now lists the effect duration.
Skyshatter Raiment: The bonuses in this set have had the spells they affect swapped.
Skyshatter Regalia: The Totemic Mastery set bonus will no longer force the Shaman to stand up and stop eating and drinking.
Slayer's Armor: The set bonus for Sinister Strike, Backstab, and Mutilate now also works for Hemorrhage.
Spyglass of the Hidden Fleet: This item is now usable by shapeshifted Druids.
Staff of Natural Fury: Tooltip clarified to indicate it reduces the base mana cost of shapeshifts, not the final cost.
Talon of Al'ar: The bonus damage to all Shot abilities now provides the full bonus to Scatter Shot and Silencing Shot.
Talasite Owl: The effect from this item will now last its intended full duration.
The blood elf paladin quest reward Scourgebane now works against demons as well as undead.
Trappings of the Unseen Path Set: The buff on your pet from this set bonus will no longer appear to be constantly running out and refreshing.
Unstable Talasite: The tooltip on this gem now indicates it counts as blue and yellow, and it behaves accordingly.
Veteran’s Scaled Belt: Stats have been adjusted to correct budget.
Veteran’s Scaled Greaves: Stats have been adjusted to correct budget.
Voidheart Set: The tooltips for the two-piece bonuses have been adjusted slightly so that there is no longer a blank set bonus. The functionality of the set bonus was unchanged.
Warbringer Armor Set: The bonus from Revenge will now apply correctly to Shield Slam.
Wild Draenish Vest: This item now makes the correct sound when moved in inventory.
Windrider Mounts: These items now make the correct sound when moved in inventory.
Wolfshead Helm: This helm will no longer give twice the rage it was intended to give.
World Breaker: The bonus from this item being triggered will no longer fade before it can provide its benefit.
Consumables
Blue Ogre Brew: This item now gives an error message when you attempt to use it outside of the Blade's Edge Plateaus.
Cerebral Cortex Compound: This item's tooltip now indicates it counts as an elixir.
Enriched Terocone Juice: Using this item will no longer trigger a cooldown for using all other food and drink. Its purchase price has also been corrected.
Flasks: Various tooltips have been adjusted for consistency.
Gizzard Gum: This item's tooltip now indicates it counts as an elixir.
Greater Rune of Warding: Due to persistent bugs with its design, this item has been redesigned for patch 2.2. It now enchants a piece of chest armor so it has a chance per hit of giving you physical damage absorption.
Ground Scorpok Assay: This item's tooltip now indicates it counts as an elixir.
Lesser Rune of Warding: Due to persistent bugs with its design, this item has been redesigned for patch 2.2. It now enchants a piece of chest armor so it has a chance per hit of giving you physical damage absorption.
Lesser Ward of Shielding: This item was not providing any benefit to the user or placing a buff icon on them. It is now functioning properly.
Lung Juice Cocktail: This item's tooltip now indicates it counts as an elixir.
Mr. Pinchy: Items received from Mr. Pinchy when your inventory is full will now be mailed to you.
Oil of Immolation: Tooltip error corrected.
Red Ogre Brew: This item now gives an error message when you attempt to use it outside of the Blade's Edge Plateaus.
R.O.I.D.S.: This item's tooltip now indicates it counts as an elixir.
Sagefish Delight: The buff from this item has been modified to work the same as all other mana per 5 buffs, including display correctly on the character sheet.
Sheen of Zanza: This item's tooltip now indicates it counts as an elixir.
Shiny Red Apple: Druids in animal forms can no longer eat this food item.
Skyguard Rations: Tooltip error corrected.
Smoked Sagefish: The buff from this item has been modified to work the same as all other mana per 5 buffs, including display correctly on the character sheet.
Spirit of Zanza: This item's tooltip now indicates it counts as an elixir.
Stormstout: Corrected the tooltip due to capitalization inconsistency.
Swiftness of Zanza: This item's tooltip now indicates it counts as an elixir.
Trogg Ale: Corrected the tooltip due to capitalization inconsistency.
Winterfall Firewater: This item's tooltip now indicates it counts as an elixir.
Professions
Various crafting recipes have been added to the Violet Eye faction vendor.
Triggered Effects: Tradeskill recipes will no longer trigger items that are designed to be triggered by only combat spells.
Alchemy
Flask of Shadow Fortification will transform into the Flask of Pure Death. This new flask increases Frost, Fire, and Shadow spell damage.
Flask of Arcane Fortification will transform into the Flask of Blinding Light. This new flask increases Holy, Nature, and Arcane spell damage.
A new flask that increases all resists and stats has been added to the Violet Eye reputation vendor.
Blacksmithing
Changed the set bonuses afforded by Fel Iron Plate to increased hit chance and Strength.
Added a new recipe for Ragesteel Shoulders that drops from an unknown creature in Shadowmoon Valley.
Reduced the number of pieces required to get the benefits of the Ragesteel set bonus.
Enchanting
Nexus Transformation: This recipe to transform a [Nexus Crystal] into a [Small Prismatic Shard] has been added to some Enchanting trainers.
Small Prismatic Shards: This recipe to transform a [Large Prismatic Shard] into 3 [Small Prismatic Shards] has been added to some Enchanting trainers.
Large Prismatic Shard: It is no longer possible to gain skill points in Enchanting from this recipe.
[Formula: Enchant Chest - Major Resilience]: Corrected a tooltip error.
[Formula: Enchant Cloak - Dodge]: This enchanting recipe is now available from the Lower City Quartermaster. The reagents required have been adjusted to match the level 70 content.
[Formula: Enchant Cloak - Greater Fire Resistance]: The reagents required for this recipe have been adjusted to better match the level 70 content.
[Formula: Enchant Cloak - Greater Nature Resistance]: The reagents required for this recipe have been adjusted to better match the level 70 content.
[Formula: Enchant Cloak - Stealth]: This enchanting recipe is now available from the Cenarion Expion Quartermaster. The reagents required have been adjusted to match the level 70 content.
[Formula: Enchant Cloak - Subtlety]: This enchanting recipe is now available from the Thrallmar Quartermaster and Honor Hold Quartermaster. The reagents required have been adjusted to match the level 70 content.
[Formula: Enchant Gloves - Superior Agility]: This enchanting recipe is now available from the Keepers of Time Quartermaster. The reagents required have been adjusted to match the level 70 content.
[Formula: Enchant Gloves - Threat]: This enchanting recipe is now available from the Sha'tar Quartermaster. The reagents required have been adjusted to match the level 70 content.
[Formula: Enchant Weapon - Greater Agility]: This enchanting recipe is now available from the Violet Eye vendor.
Engineering
Reduced the cooldown on the engineer-made Parachute Cloak.
Schematic: Fused Wiring: Vendors who sell this recipe will now properly restock it after a period of time.
Jewelcrafting
A new recipe for [Steady Talasite] is now available from the Halaa vendors, at the cost of research tokens. This superior green gem grants resilience and stamina.
[Design: Mystic Dawnstone]: This recipe for a +8 resilience-rating gem will now always have a copy on the vendor initially when Halaa is captured by a faction and when the vendor restocks.
[Unstable Talasite]: The tooltip on this gem now indicates it counts as blue and yellow, and it behaves accordingly.
Quests
"Banish the Demons" now rewards either a Darkrune or a Fragmented Darkrune. Five fragmented Darkrunes can be combined to create a Darkrune.
During the quest, "The Smallest Creatures", the marmot's stealth ability is working once again.
Firewing Warlocks are less likely to want to engage in melee combat.
Fixed an issue wherein a character with a darkrune would not be able to turn it in to Gahk in return for a crystalforged darkrune unless they first completed the daily quest "Banish More Demons" that day.
In the "Bad Medicine" quest in Stranglethorn, Jungle Remedies can now be found on Jungle Fighters.
In Hillsbrad, additional Syndicate Papers were added to the Corahn's Dagger subzone Syndicate camp. Quest text was changed to reflect this.
In the "Bomb Them Again" quest, the cooldown of the Skyguard bombs was decreased to 5 seconds (was 10).
In the "Relic's Emanation" quest, the money reward was decreased while the Ogri'la faction reward was increased.
Mawg Grimshot's flavor events have been fixed.
Resolved issues with Obsidia, Rivendark, Insidion, and Furywing sometimes not responding to their eggs being used.
The duration of the Apexis Relic and Apexis Monument beams was slightly reduced, to more easily separate 2 back-to-back beams.
The following Quest Objects will no longer briefly despawn when looted: Mythology of the Titans, Compendium of the Fallen, Maiden's Folly Charts, Maiden's Folly Log, Spirit of Silverpine Charts, Spirit of Silverpine Log.
Various issues breaking the "Showdown" quest fight have been resolved.
Dungeons and Raids
Tempest Keep and Coilfang raid bosses will now all drop at least 3 items each.
Auchindoun: Heroic Sethekk Halls
Polymorph should no longer affect the main tank.
Auchindoun: Shadow Labyrinth
The recast time for the Shadow Word: Pain cast by Cabal Shadow Priests has been increased.
Black Temple
Saber Lash tanks will no longer be knocked back by Sinister Beam or hit by Fatal Attraction, even if they dodge or parry the attack.
Mother Shahraz will now pick a new beam to cast after every 3rd beam instead of after every 5th. This means she is much less likely to cast the same beam many times in a row.
Fatal Attraction now deals 750 damage on the first tick, 1500 on the second, 2250 on the third, and 3000 on all subsequent ticks.
Prismatic Shield is now more fun. Specifically, Mother Shahraz now takes bonus damage from one school when she is resistant to its opposite. Her resistances now change randomly every 15 seconds and are capped at 25%.
Caverns of Time: Battle of Mount Hyjal
Faction and loot rewards have been added to non-boss mobs in the Battle of Mount Hyjal raid event. The faction awarded by bosses has been decreased to balance this.
The health of Jaina and Thrall have been increased again from their temporarily lowered values. They should be able to absorb quite a bit more incidental damage during the event.
Archimonde has received several adjustments and fixes to prevent some of the harder to counter combinations of his abilities. Archimonde's Soul Charge silence has been lowered in duration to 4 seconds, and the death of the Priest with Spirit of Redemption will no longer create two Soul Charges. The casting time of Archimonde's fear has been increased to 1.5 seconds, and he should now use his Fear ability on a much more consistent interval. Archimonde will also no longer cast Grip of the Legion on very far away targets.
Archimonde will no longer cast Grip of the Legion on targets that have just been hit with Air Burst.
Caverns of Time: Black Morass
Increased recast time on Shadow Bolt Volley on Rift Keeper, also reduced damage on Heroic.
Reduced hit points of Infinite Executioners on Heroic.
Decreases the maximum possible stacks of Temporus' Mortal Wound from 10 to 7.
Increased recast time for Temporus' Hasten spell on Heroic.
Caverns of Time: Escape from Durnholde Keep
When the limit on Thrall respawns after event failure has been reached, the Epoch Hunter will now properly despawn.
Human Illusion: This effect in Old Hillsbrad will no longer be applied to Dwarf and Human Priests when they exit Shadowform.
The composition of the pulls around the barracks in Durnholde Keep is now more consistent. Players should no longer face more than two Riflemen, or more than one Warden.
The group of guards underneath the bridge has been removed in Heroic difficulty.
The Thrall escort event now allows 20 tries at completing the event instead of 3.
Coilfang Reservoir: Serpentshrine Cavern
Coilfang Priestesses no longer perform Spirit of Redemption.
Underbog Colossus' Acid Spray is now somewhat less dangerous.
Underbog Colossus' Spore Quake now has a shorter duration.
Greyheart Tidecallers' Virulent poison is now less deadly.
Serpentshrine Sporebats now charge less frequently.
Greyheart Nether-Mages now blink less frequently.
Serpentshrine Lurkers have had their damage output reduced.
Hellfire Citadel: Shattered Halls
The melee damage dealt by Shattered Hand Reavers, Shattered Hand Legionnaires, Shattered Hand Heathens, and Rabid Warhounds has been reduced.
Karazhan
Nightbane's Distracting Ash can now be removed with Cloak of Shadows.
Tinhead in Karazhan is now immune to bleeds.
Romulo and Julianne now clear all negative effects on themselves before they come back from "death".
Scholomance
Ras Frostwhisper's Frost Armor Chilled effect is now properly classified as a snare mechanic.
Tempest Keep: Arcatraz
The Devastate cast by Unbound Devastators is now Physical damage.
The recast time for the Defeaning Roar spell cast by Unbound Devastators has been increased on Heroic mode.
Wrath-Scryer Soccothrates' Knock Away can no longer be dodged or parried. This will help prevent the catastrophic placement of multiple flames on top of each other.
Harbinger Skyriss cast his Fear spell less often.
Tempest Keep: Botanica
The time between casting of Thorgrin the Tender's Hellfire has been increased.
The time between casting of Thorgrin the Tender’s Sacrifice has been increased in Heroic Mode.
Thorgrin the Tender’s Enrage ability now increases his melee damage by 75% instead of 110%.
Tempest Keep: Mechanar
Raging Flames in the Nethermancer Sepethrea encounter have had their movement speed reduced slightly in heroic mode.
The Arcane Servants summoned by Sunseeker Netherbinders are now properly classified as Arcane Elementals, deal less melee damage and have fewer hit points.
Tempest Keep: The Eye
The spells cast by High Astromancer Solarian have been extensively reworked. Wrath of the Astromancer is a now completely different in function. Mark of the Astromancer has been renamed to Light of the Astromancer and no longer reduces Arcane resistance. A player's Arcane Resistance now also provides normal damage mitigation to Solarian's spells.
Phoenix-Hawk Hatchlings now Wing Buffet less frequently.
Crimson Hand Centurions now deal less damage with Arcane Flurry.
Crimson Hand Battle Mages have had their Frost Attack damage reduced.
User Interface
Cast sequence macros no longer get stuck at feral druid abilities.
Toggling the world map can be bound to an extended mouse button.
Improved the handling of items with charges on the action bar.
Fixed an issue where moveable frames would end up off screen after changing either to or from a widescreen resolution.
Fixed an issue where moveable frames would end up off screen after changing the UI scale.
Fixed issue where font strings would get clipped when the UI was scaled.
The pitchLimit console command has been re-enabled.
If you specify a target for a spell cast in a macro that does not exist, it will show an error instead of defaulting to your current target.
Conditional macros with multiple targets will use the appropriate context sensitive target for visual range feedback.
Conditional macro processing has been greatly optimized.
Macros with specific cast targets will no longer cast on your current target if the specified target doesn’t exist.
Warlocks can no longer get both Fel Stamina and Sacrifice Shield using a macro.
For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros Forum.
World Environment
The following old-world factions have had their acquisition rate significantly increased: Cenarion Circle, Argent Dawn, Timbermaw Hold.
If you get a positive reputation from combat you also get the corresponding opposite reputation reduction.
Adjusted Yowler's level down to 20 (from 25).
Adjusted the level of Redridge Bashers and Alphas.
Arcane Missiles: When cast by creatures, this spell will now properly cause activation of pets set to defensive mode.
Azuregos: The tooltip on this creature's Frost Breath now correctly indicates Frozen rather than impairing movement.
Chieftain Mummaki: This creature can now be pickpocketed.
Crypt Fiends around Azeroth and at Hyjal Summit are now more totem friendly.
Doctor Maleficus: This creature can now be pickpocketed.
Dragonmaw Peon: The creature now has the correct pickpocket loot.
Fixed an improper dialog option on Carolyn Ward, a Rogue Trainer in Undercity, when the player's Lockpicking was 300-324.
Highlord Mastrogonde: This creature now always drops at least a good quality item.
Kataru: The totem cast by this creature will now be treated as a totem, rather than as a creature.
Markaru: This creature is now skinnable.
Minor Fairbreeze Village fixes: The general goods vendor was moved from home to the lower inn, the pet vendor was moved from the upper inn to home, the upper inn is now flagged as an inn.
Mo’arg Doomsmith: This creature now drops Marks of Sargeras rather than Marks of Kil’jaeden.
Monstrous Kaliri: This creature now has loot.
Quest target Fel Spirits are now considered undead.
Vindicator Aeus in the Aldor bank is no longer attackable by players who are members of the Scryer faction.
Sethekk Ravenguard: The Howling Screech from this creature is now properly considered a Snare, and is clearable by Escape Artist and other abilities that remove Snares.
Skettis Windwalker: The Cyclone effect from this creature can now be cleared by PvP trinkets and Bestial Wrath/The Beast Within.
Skulloc Soulgrinder in Blade's Edge now correctly summons Sundered Ghosts to aid him in battle.
Void Reaver: The Arcane Orb ability used by this creature will now correctly Daze players affected by Aspect of the Pack or Aspect of the Cheetah.
Void Terror: This creature is now skinnable.
Wyrmcult Blackwhelp: This creature now can be skinned but can no longer be pickpocketed.
Blackrock Spire: The gems for the Seal of Ascension are now a 100% drop from Overlord Wyrmthalak, War Master Voone and Highlord Omokk.
Wailing Caverns: The Druids of the Talon will no longer permanently flee.
Blackfathom Deeps: Several creatures will no longer permanently flee.
Temple of Atal'Hakkar: Several creatures will no longer permanently flee.
Mac
Additional graphic optimization utilizing AltiVec for PowerPC-Mac and SSE for Intel-Mac. This provides some performance benefit on systems where vertex animation shaders are either unavailable or disabled (recommended on systems with Intel integrated video).
Mac Options dialog has been added to the primary options panel. This dialog offers configuration options for any features that are presently unique to the Mac client, such as iTunes Remote and Movie Capture.
New iTunes Remote configuration options have been added to the Mac Options panel.
Mac Movie Capture: the Mac client can now capture in-game video to QuickTime movie files using a configurable choice of codec (H.264, Motion JPEG, or Pixlet), resolution, and frame rate. Two new entries have been added to the Key Bindings dialog for start/stop recording and for cancellation of a recording. For more detailed configuration options please see the Mac Options panel in game. Mac OS X 10.4.9 and QuickTime 7.1.6 or better are required. Not all machines have enough performance to smoothly capture video at high frame rates; end user experimentation will be required to find appropriate settings for each system.
Bug Fixes
Fixed problem where players could be disconnected by clicking on an item link in cross-server battlegrounds.
Pets will no longer chase players that Vanish.
Pets no longer follow enemies after being revived.
Stacked items will no longer disappear from a player’s inventory when zoning multiple times.
The WoW client on Windows no longer defaults to 800x600 video resolution if the WoW resolution is higher than the desktop resolution when going from fullscreen mode to windowed mode.
The Temple Concubine's polymorph no longer has the pig icon appearing when it sheeps a player but now shows the proper sheep icon.
Player using ranged attacks while under the shapeshift effects of the spell: Torment of the Worgen, will now play attack animations
The Toxic Spore Bats in the Lady Vashj encounter will now properly despawn if the raid party wipes.
Toxic Spores in the Lady Vashj encounter can no longer kill phase shifted imps.
Anzu can no longer be kited far from his spawn point and will properly leash.
The Doomguard Punisher will no longer hit players not involved in the Legion Ring Event.
Dressing room models for females are now showing the correct head when transformed into a Fel Orc via the Dragonmaw Illusion.
The trash pulls in the Grand Promenade will now shut off after the Blood Elf Council are killed.
Players can now accept daily quests even after their daily quest limit has been reached.