Fury of the Sunwell 
The glorious fount of arcane energy known as the Sunwell empowered the high elves for millennia, until the death knight Arthas laid siege to the elven kingdom and corrupted its sacred energies. Seeing no other alternative, a band of survivors led by Prince Kael'thas destroyed the ancient fount. Over time the surviving elves fell prey to a crippling magical withdrawal.

Now, promising salvation for his people, Kael'thas has returned. Soon the Sunwell will shine once again, but whether the sacred fount will usher in deliverance or destruction remains to be seen.

In Memoriam: Gary Gygax 
Blizzard Entertainment would like to dedicate the patch in memory of Gary Gygax. His work on D&D was an inspiration to us in many ways and helped spark our passion for creating games of our own. As avid D&D players and fellow game developers, we were all saddened by the news of his passing; we feel we’ve lost a true adventuring companion. Thanks for everything and farewell, Gary. You will be missed.

Trailer Transcript 
Kael'thas Sunstrider says: It was called the Sunwell! A sacred fount of untold power it saturated every fibre of our being in the warmth of its glow we thrived, until the shadow of death fell upon us. Only after the Sunwell's destruction did we realise how dependant we had become on its magic how much we needed to feed. In the wake of our devastation I named our people Sin'Dorei, Blood Elves, my people turned to me for answers. I promised them a cure, strangely we found deliverance in the demon Illidan. Illidan offered new sources of arcane power and so I joined him in Outland pledging to return one day to lead our people to glory! But Illidan's agenda was short sighted, I grew impatient. In secret I began harvesting what energies I could. I had a brief taste of true power before it was taken from me. But all is not lost the Sunwell's essence endured kept hidden by those who sought to protect it. Now I have returned with the knowledge that sacrifices must be made before we can reclaim our birthright. I have forged a new alliance. Soon the blessed rays of the Sunwell will shine once again, and usher into this world the one who will deliver us all

Combat Log Improvements
The combat log has undergone improvements that allow more robust combat text filtering including the ability to define custom colors for enemies and friends, as well as combat text filtering for self and others.

Global Arena Tournament 
Players will be able to create level-70 characters with epic equipment and compete on special tournament realms in a new global arena tournament. For more information, details and entry requirements, please visit the official tournament pages.

General
Contents[show]
Map-of-easternkingdoms
The Azeroth map changed accordingly.

The Sunwell Isle is now available for play. This area includes a new quest hub and 5-player and 25-player instances.
The combined forces of Shattrath have launched an attack on the Isle of Quel'Danas, to confront Kael'thas and the Legion at the Sunwell and surrounding areas. Players will now be able to gain reputation with the Shattered Sun Offensive and participate in a new set of daily quests.
A representative of the Keepers of Time has been spotted at the World's End Tavern in Shattrath. Players in good standing with the faction will be granted ease of passage to the Caverns of Time.
Characters will now retain talented spell ranks so when they retalent they do not have to relearn the spells from trainers.
Spell Haste: Spell haste now reduces the global cooldown on spells, down to a minimum of 1 second. This change does not apply to melee and ranged abilities.
Item Cast Spells: Many spells cast by items were being cast as if the caster were the same level as the item. Most of those will now be cast at the player's level, giving them a reasonable chance to miss, be dispelled, or be resisted.
Resilience: Now reduces the magnitude of mana draining effects by the same amount that it reduces critical strike damage. The Tooltip has been revised to reflect this.
Spirit-Based Mana Regeneration: This system has been adjusted so that as your intellect rises, you will regenerate more mana per point of spirit.
Weapon Skill: Points will be gained faster in weapon skills for levels 1 through 59.
The Daily Quest limit has been increased to 25.
Non-self % based haste spells will no longer stack with each other.
Racials
Find Treasure: This ability no longer deactivates upon death.
Druids
Cyclone range is now 20 yards, down from 30.
Empowered Rejuvenation: This talent now properly affects the final heal from Lifebloom.
Gift of Nature: This talent now properly affects the healing from Tranquility.
Insect Swarm: Casting lower ranks of this spell is now properly penalized like other healing and damage effects.
Lacerate: This ability now deals additional damage based on the attack power of the Druid.
Lifebloom: The bonus coefficient on the final bloom effect has been reduced by 20%. This spell will no longer cause error messages when interacting with Spellsteal or while the Druid is under the effects of Mind Control.
Mangle (Bear) now properly triggers a 1.5 second global cooldown, increased from 1.0 second.
Many shapeshift form tooltips have been updated to be consistent with each other.
Natural Perfection: This ability will no longer be triggered by taking critical strikes while sitting. In addition, it is now affected by the Subtlety talent and reduces damage by 2/3/4%, down from 1/3/5%.
Nurturing Instinct increases your healing spells by up to 50/100% of your Agility, and increases healing done to you by 10/20% while in Cat form.
Regrowth: The mana cost of this spell has been reduced by approximately 20%.
When a Druid in cat form casts Pounce it will now properly animate.
Hunters
Equipping a thrown weapon while in the middle of an Auto-Shot will no longer cause animation issues.
Casting Flare while in any way not visible, will no longer cause your flare to be invisible to other players.
Hunter's Mark: Hunters with Improved Hunter's Mark will now properly overwrite Hunter’s Mark cast by Hunters without the talent.
Improved Mend Pet now has a 25/50 chance to remove one Curse, Disease, Magic, or Poison effect, up from 15/50%.
The stamina tooltip for hunter pets will now display the proper health increase.
Track spells will now persist after death.
Hunters will no longer spin around if they cast Aimed Shot or Steady Shot while facing away from their target.
Mages
Arcane Explosion: The damage cap for area of effect damage on this spell has been increased by approximately 50%.
Arcane Fortitude now increases your armor by an amount equal to 100% of your Intellect, up from 50%.
Blink, Slow, and Spellsteal have all had their mana cost reduced.
Improved Blink: This talent no longer reduces the mana cost of Blink. Instead, it increases the chance for all attacks to miss the Mage by 25% for 2/4 sec after Blink is cast.
Using low ranks of Fire Ward and Frost Ward spell will now be penalized the same way healing spells are penalized.
Frostbite: When a frost spell is reflected back at a Mage, it is now possible for the Mage to suffer from the Frostbite effect.
Ice Barrier: Using low ranks of this spell will now be penalized the same way healing spells are penalized.
Icy Veins no longer increases the chance your chilling effects will Freeze the target, but now increases the chance to avoid interruption caused by damage while casting any spell by 100% while active.
Improved Fire Ward has become Molten Shields.
Mana Shield: This spell will now get a percentage of the Mage's bonus to spell damage as an additional effect.
New Talent: Molten Shields will cause your Fire Ward to have a 10/20% chance to reflect Fire spells while active. In addition, your Molten Armor has a 50/100% chance to affect ranged and spell attacks.
Permafrost: This talent will now correctly increase the movement slowing effect of frost Armor instead of the attack speed slowing effect.
Spellsteal will no longer overwrite a longer duration buff.
Paladins
Avenger's Shield, Holy Shield and Holy Shock: Casting lower ranks of these spells is now properly penalized like other healing and damage effects.
Avenger's Shield: This ability will no longer jump to secondary targets which are under the effect of crowd-control spells that break on taking damage. I.e. Polymorph, Sap, etc.
Crusader Strike: This ability will no longer refresh the Healing Way buff from the Shaman talent.
Illumination: The mana energize from this talent no longer has a chance to set off other triggered effects.
Holy Shock: The healing, damage, and mana cost of this spell have all been increased.
Judgement of the Crusader: It is no longer possible to have icons for two different ranks of Judgment of the Crusader appear at the same time when judged by multiple Paladins.
Judgement of Wisdom: Some abilities (such as Frostbolt) were not triggering the mana energize effect from this spell. This has now been fixed.
Resistance Auras: It is no longer possible for two Paladins in the same party to make it appear that players have two of the same resistance aura active.
Righteous Defense: This spell will now always be castable on friendly npcs.
Seal of Blood: This ability will no longer cause spell pushback for the Paladin with this seal active.
Sense Undead- Now persists after death.
Turn Undead(Rank 3):This spell has been reworked and has been renamed to “Turn Evil”. It will now work on Demons in addition to Undead. Turn Evil is subject to diminishing returns, and lasts 10 seconds in PvP.
Priests
Chastise no longer disorients the target, but now is instant cast and roots the target for 2 seconds.
Fear Ward is now usable while in Shadow form.
Focused Will now reduces damage by 2/3/4%, up from 1/3/5%.
Inner Focus: Chastise now benefits from Inner Focus. In addition, Starshards no longer consumes Inner Focus.
Mass Dispel now affects a maximum of 10 targets, increased from 5.
Power Infusion: Infuses the target with power, increasing their spell haste by 20% and reducing the mana cost of all spells by 20%. Lasts for 15 seconds. This will not stack with other haste effects, such as Heroism, Bloodlust, or Icy Veins.
Power Word: Shield: Using low ranks of this spell will now be penalized the same way healing spells are penalized.
Prayer of Mending: This spell will now fade from players who leave or enter an instance, change continents, or exit the game.
Reflective Shield: The reflective damage from this talent no longer breaks crowd control effects which break on taking damage.
Shadowguard: No longer consumes the charge of Inner Focus when triggered.
Silent Resolve: This talent now affects Surge of Light, Power Infusion, Inspiration, Spirit Tap, Blackout, Levitate, Shackle Undead, Touch of Weakness, Hex of Weakness, and Symbol of Hope.
Touch of Weakness: No longer consumes the charge of Inner Focus when triggered. It will also function properly even when the Priest with Touch of Weakness on is silenced or stunned.
Vampiric Touch: Casting lower ranks of this spell is now properly penalized like other healing and damage effects.
Rogues
Abilities that can be used while stealthed, without breaking stealth, can now be cast without breaking Vanish when used at the same time.
Cheat Death: A combat log message will now show when this ability activates and now has an animation. It will now almost always be accurate in displaying the amount of damage done to a rogue when under the effects of Cheat Death.
Improved Backstab is now called Puncturing Wounds.
Puncturing Wounds increases your critical strike chance with Backstab by 10/20/30%, and the critical strike chance with your Mutilate ability by 5/10/15%.
Improved Sprint: This ability will now always remove Entangling Roots.
Sap mechanic changed from "Incapacitate" to "Sap". This will allow more humanoids that were previously immune to Sap to be vulnerable to Sap, but still immune to Gouge. Note that anything that removed Sap previously will still remove Sap after the change.
Vanish: This ability will no longer sometimes cause the UI to display Shadowmeld as active when it has been cancelled.
Shaman
Call of Thunder: (Rank 5) now gives 5% critical strike chance, down from 6%.
Earth Shield: Mana cost reduced roughly in half, and charges reduced from 10 to 6.
Elemental Focus: This buff will no longer be removed when Shamanistic Focus is triggered.
Flametongue Weapon: Having different ranks of this enchantment cast on two different weapons will no longer cause the enchantments to trigger multiple times per swing.
Ghost Wolf: Cast time reduced to 2 seconds, down from 3.
The Global Cooldown of all Totems has been reduced to 1 seconds, down from 1.5 seconds.
Healing Grace: This talent now reduces the chance your spells will be dispelled by 10/20/30%. The resistance to being dispelled modifier from this talent now applies correctly to Water Breathing.
Rockbiter Weapon: Tooltip and error messages have been adjusted slightly.
Shamanistic Rage is now a Physical ability instead of a Magic spell, and thus is no longer dispellable. It now reduces all damage taken by 30% and gives your successful melee attacks a chance to regenerate mana equal to 30% of your attack power. This lasts for 15 seconds with a 2 minute cooldown.
Stormstrike has a new icon.
Totem timer icons will now show up under your player portrait when you cast totem spells. Right-clicking a totem timer icon will destroy that totem.
Toughness will now also reduce the duration of movement slowing effects on you by 10/20/30/40/50%.
Tremor Totem now pulses every 3 seconds, down from 4 seconds.
The Shaman spell Fire Nova Totem will no longer sometimes detonate without doing any damage.
Warlocks
Blood Pact now has a tooltip.
Demonic Knowledge: This buff will no longer remain on enslaved demons when Enslave Demon is removed. It will now increase your spell damage by an amount equal to 4/8/12%, down from 5/10/15%.
Demonic Sacrifice: Now works properly in sanctuary regions (such as Shattrath City and the Stair of Destiny).
Emberstorm now also reduces the cast time of your Incinerate spell by 2/4/6/8/10%.
Nether Protection: The buff from this talent will no longer interrupt capturing PvP flags and bases.
Pyroclasm: This talent now works correctly again with Rain of Fire.
Ritual of Summoning can be used to summon players into instances if they meet the instance requirements.
Sense Demon now persists after death.
Shadow Ward: Using low ranks of this spell will now be penalized the same way healing spells are penalized.
Warriors
Endless Rage will now give the correct amount of rage as intended from damage dealt by a Warrior.
Improved Hamstring (Arms) effect is now subject to diminishing returns when used in PvP.
Stances: It is no longer possible to accidentally change into a stance you are already in via macros (resulting in a global cooldown and loss of rage).
Whirlwind: Critical strikes with the off-hand weapon from this ability can now trigger Flurry and Rampage.
Flurry will properly refresh if a crit occurs with 1 charge left.
PvP
Diminishing returns on honor for kills is being eliminated.
Honor will now be instantly calculated, and available for player use.
Players that have the resurrection sickness debuff will be worth no honor.
Added new PvP daily quests that send players to Halaa and the Spirit Towers of the Bone Wastes. These quests are available for Alliance and Horde at their respective local quest hubs.
Arenas
Personal Rating: The amount a player’s personal rating can climb above his or her team’s rating is now limited.
The benefits of drinking out of combat have been delayed while in the Arena. It will now take four seconds before the full benefit of the mana regeneration will come into effect.
Queue times for arena matches have been reduced. Players will now be able to enter matches faster than previously.
Shadow Sight now increases damage taken by 5% rather than dealing damage over time. Duration has been reduced from 21 seconds to 15 seconds.
Players feared outside of the Arena (through the world or outside the arena walls) will now be teleported back to the center of the arena map.
Battlegrounds 
If a player dies 50 times or more in a battleground, they will no longer be worth honor for the remainder of that battle.
When you first enter a battleground, messages about other players joining the battleground will be linked together for the first minute. You will see a message in AV like "28 players joined" rather than a line for each player that joined. After the first minute, it will work as it always has. In addition, all of the messages about other players leaving the battleground and getting marks of honor once the battleground is complete have been removed.
Battleground Rune Buffs: Speed, Restoration, and Berserking buffs received from battleground runes will no longer cause Stealth or Prowl to break.
Alterac Valley 
Captain Balinda Stonehearth can no longer be interrupted, silenced, or have her spells slowed. In addition, her water elemental cannot be banished, and does increased damage.
Vanndar Stormpike and Captain Balinda Stonehearth have had their health totals reduced to match the health totals of Drek'thar and Captain Galvangar.
Warmasters/marshals in Alterac Valley now increase each other's maximum health and damage by 25%. This is a stacking effect.
Horde players will now start the battle closer to Drek'Thar and Frostwolf Keep.
There is now a Join as Party option.
Warsong Gulch 
When both flags are held, the flag carriers will receive 50% increased damage done to them after approximately 10 minutes and 100% increased damage after approximately 15 minutes.
Flag carriers can now be tracked 45 seconds after picking up the flag.
Professions
Added several new tradeskill items to the new Sunwell Daily faction vendor:
Enchanting recipe to shatter a [Void Crystal] into two [Large Prismatic Shards].
Enchanting recipe to increase Defense Rating by 15 for chest armor.
Three jewelcrafting recipes to cut gems with spell haste from [Dawnstones], [Talasite], and [Noble Topaz].
Two new meta gem recipes.
Alchemy
[Gift of Arthas] now stacks to 20.
Transmute: Arcanite no longer has a cooldown.
Cooking
[Broiled Bloodfin] now increases resistances to all schools of magic instead of increasing Stamina and Spirit.
New recipes, [Charred Bear Kabobs] and [Juicy Bear Burgers], can be purchased from either Horde 15 Bale or Alliance 15 Malygen in Felwood. These recipes requires 250 skill to learn, and are created from meat found on level 48-56 bears. This will aid players in leveling up their cooking skill to 300 without fishing.
Enchanting 
Reduced the materials required for [Enchant Shield - Resistance]
Engineering
Gagsprocket in Ratchet now sells the plans for the [Minor Recombobulator].
[Goblin Jumper Cables] and [Goblin Jumper Cables XL] now display cooldown information in their tooltips.
Removed the level requirement for the [Craftsman's Monocle].
The stun caused by engineering Bombs and Grenades is now considered an Incapacitate effect and uses the appropriate Incapacitate diminishing returns. Bomb and Grenades can now inflict damage to targets immune to Stun and Incapacitate effects.
A new recipe has been added for [Rocket Boots Xtreme Lite], a cloth version of the [Rocket Boots Xtreme]. This pattern drops from Combat 15 Mechano-Lord Capacitus.
[Rocket Boots Xtreme] now have all their stat points allocated toward Attack Power, and will no longer have Stamina.
[Rocket Boots Xtreme] and [Rocket Boots Xtreme Lite] will cause players to drop a PvP flag if used while carrying one (Warsong Gulch, Eye of the Storm, and Zangarmarsh).
Fishing 
New Fishing Daily Quests! Visit the mysterious old man fishing at Silmyr Lake outside of Shattrath City to discover what treasures he has to offer.
[Find Fish] now correctly tracks Schools of Tastyfish and Muddy Churning Waters
Feltail fishing nodes have been changed to Brackish Mixed Schools; they now produce mostly [Golden Darters] and some [Feltail].
Removed the level requirement from the expert fishing book, [The Bass and You].
Herbalism
[Ancient Lichen] now has a chance to drop a [Fel Lotus] where it used to drop a piece of random green jewelry.
[Black Lotus] replaced by [Fel Lotus] in herbalism skinning tables for Outland creatures.
Increased the chance that [Felweed], [Dreaming Glory], [Ragveil], and [Flame Caps] will contain a [Fel Lotus].
Combat 15 Warp Splinter can now be skinned with Herbalism in heroic difficulty.
Jewelcrafting 
A new jewelcrafting recipe has been added to transform 3 of each color of green quality gems into a single random blue quality gem. This recipe is available from grandmaster jewelcrafting trainers.
Leatherworking 
[Shadow Oil] will now fit into Leatherworking Bags.
Mining 
Increased the skill up potential for most smelting recipes.
Quests
New Daily Dungeon quests for both the heroic and non-heroic five-person Magisters' Terrace dungeon at the Sunwell.
Players can now turn in one of each battleground mark for an honor reward. The questgivers for this turn-in are the Horde 15 Horde Warbringer and the Alliance 15 Alliance Brigadier General and can be found near the battlemasters in the capital cities.
Dungeon and Group Quest Experience: The amount of experience awarded for dungeon and 5-person group quests in Outland has been increased in almost all cases.
The daily quest Escape from Skettis has had its reward tuned down.
The number of elite Shadowsworn Drakonid patrollers on the Ata'mal Terrace has been cut in half. Most of the remainder have had their patrol paths lengthened.
Increased the slots on [Old Blanchy's Feed Pouch] to 8.
[The Thunderspike] no longer sparkles for Alliance characters, nor does it show up on the mini-map when Find Treasure is in use.
"Zapper Fuel" is now flagged as a Sunken Temple dungeon quest.
Dungeons and raids
All 25-player raid bosses have had their cash drops increased!
All 25-player raid bosses that drop set tokens will now drop an additional token!
Badges of Justice have been added to all raid bosses who did not previously have them!
Players will no longer require an attunement quest to enter Hyjal.
Players will no longer require an attunement quest to enter the Black Temple.
Players who have completed the attunement quests for Black Temple and Hyjal will be granted the title of "Hand of A'dal".
You may now fight Combat 15 Prince Kael'thas and Combat 15 Lady Vashj without first killing all the other bosses in their respective dungeons.
The Unstable Cloud and Frost Breath spells are now treated properly as a movement impairing spells.
Non-corporeal Undead and Mechanical creatures are now susceptible to bleed effects.
Elemental creatures are no longer explicitly immune to poison and disease effects. Elementals with nature school immunities will still be immune to nature-based poisons, however.
Gems obtained through Heroic difficulty instances are no longer Unique-Equipped.
Loot dropped by Combat 15 Doomlord Kazzak and Combat 15 Doomwalker has been changed to Bind on Equip. In addition, the cash dropped by these bosses has been significantly increased.
Scale of the Sands reputation will now be awarded in Hyjal at a much higher rate.
Caverns of Time: Heroic Black Morass
Rift Keepers and Rift Lords now have reduced hit points.
Caverns of Time: Mount Hyjal 
The Vials of Eternity quest is no longer necessary for entry to Hyjal.  This quest is still required for faction rings.
Combat 15 Azgalor's Rain of Fire now affects a smaller area.
Caverns of Time: Old Hillsbrad 
The Human Illusion effect will now always be removed properly when a player leaves the instance.
Durnholde Lookouts no longer spawn in the Heroic version of the instance. The placement of creatures around Durnholde Keep in Heroic mode is now identical to that of Normal mode.
Hellfire Citadel: Magtheridon's Lair 
Many gameplay elements of the encounters in Magtheridon's Lair have been changed to decrease their overall complexity and difficulty.
Karazhan 
Players will no longer need the [Master’s Key] to enter Karazhan. The gates to Karazhan will still require the Master's Key to be unlocked.
Tempest Keep: The Eye 
The Vapor Clouds in the Kael'thas encounter are significantly easier to see.
Combat 15 Void Reaver is now immune to Vindication again.
Tempest Keep: The Mechanar
The Mechanar: It is no longer possible to gain an additional [Badge of Justice] by bringing [Cache of the Legion keys] obtained in other copies of the instance.
Zul'Aman 
Combat 15 Jan'alai will now only teleport players to him if they are too far away.
Items
Players will now be able to purchase level 70 Superior quality PvP items from reputation vendors [1].
Avatar Regalia: The two-piece bonus from this set will now be consumed by Vampiric Embrace as intended.
[Bloody Brass Knuckles], [Eerie Stable Lantern], [Baelog's Shortbow], and [Snakeskin Bag] have been upgraded to Superior items.
[Blue Suede Shoes] can now be disenchanted.
Crystalforge Raiment: The two-piece set bonus will now work properly. Additionally, the four piece bonus will now only work on the next Holy Light cast, as intended.
Cyclone Regalia: Trade skills will no longer consume the Energized effect.
[Darkmoon Card: Madness]: The buffs from this item will no longer interrupt casting and channeling.
[Deadman's Hand]: This item's effect now works while the victim is sitting. In addition, its effect is now properly considered a root for purposes of being dispelled or removed.
[Deathwing Brood Cloak]: These cloaks are now bound on equip instead of bound on pickup.
Druid Balance PvP Sets: The bonus movement speed for Bear, Cat, and Travel Form has been removed and replaced with a new bonus to Wrath and Starfire.
Druid Restoration PvP Sets: The bonus movement speed for Bear, Cat, and Travel Form has been removed and replaced with a new bonus to Regrowth.
[Discombobulator Ray]: This item will again not work on mounted players.
Frostfire Regalia: The resistance bonus from this set now works with the Burning Crusade ranks of Mage Armor.
[Gladiator's Leather Gloves]: This arena bonus will now properly school lock enemies when the damage from Deadly Throw causes them to stop channeling.
The Gladiator's Thunderfist 4 piece set bonus has been reduced from 70% to 50%.
[Gnomish Mind Control Cap]: Victims of the Gnomish Mind Control Cap will no longer get Forbearance when the mind control is terminated due to Blessing of Protection.
[Gnomish Poultryizer]: This item will again not work on mounted players.
[Goblin Rocket Launcher]: Creatures will no longer gain health while affected by the Stun from this item.
[Heavy Netherweave Bandage]: It is no longer possible to have two players bandage the same target simultaneously using this item.
[Netherweave Bandage]: It is no longer possible to have two players bandage the same target simultaneously using this item.
[Idol of the Crescent Goddess]: The mana discount on Regrowth has been increased.
[Idol of Feral Shadows]: The bonus damage to Rip has been increased.
[Idol of the Raven Goddess]: The bonus healing, critical strike rating, and spell critical strike rating from this item have been increased. In addition, it no longer sometimes fails to apply the healing bonus.
[Idol of the Unseen Moon]: The cooldown added in a previous patch has been removed.
[Idol of Ursoc]: The bonus damage to Lacerate has been increased and the tooltip clarified to indicate it applies to both initial and periodic damage.
[Idol of the White Stag]: Duration increased.
Items intended for Retribution Paladins have had their stats adjusted. Retribution Paladins should see an increase in dps as a result.
[Jade Pendant of Blasting]: This item no longer increases physical damage dealt.
[Justicar Raiment]: The 2 piece bonus will now always give the correct amount of bonus healing to the Judgement of Light effect.
[Libram of Absolute Truth]: The Holy Light mana discount has been increased.
[Libram of Divine Purpose]: The bonus damage on Seal and Judgement of Righteousness has been increased.
[Libram of Mending]: The mana regeneration buff has had its duration increased. The name of the buff granted by this item changed to Grace of the Naaru to avoid having the same name as the Light's Grace talent.
[Libram of Righteous Power]: The bonus damage for Crusader Strike has been increased.
[Libram of Souls Redeemed]: The bonus for Flash of Light has been decreased and the bonus for Holy Light has been increased.
[Libram of Wracking]: This item now increases the damage on Holy Wrath and Exorcism instead of decreasing their mana cost.
[Nether Vortex] are no longer Bind on Pickup and can now be purchased from Neutral 15 G'eras for 15 [Badges of Justice]!
[Masquerade Gown]: The spirit bonus from this item will now properly trigger all benefits from the Tree of Life talent.
[Masterwork Stormhammer]: The Chain Lightning cast by this item will no longer jump to secondary targets which are under the effect of crowd-control spells that break on taking damage. i.e. Polymorph, Sap, etc.
[Mojo]: A pvp-flagged player can no longer kiss Mojo and cause non-flagged players to become flagged.
[Moongraze Stag Tenderloin] can now be consumed by hunter pets that eat meat.
[Noggenfogger Elixir]: It is no longer possible using this item to keep the Old Hillsbrad human illusion outside of the instance.
Paladin Healer Gladiator Sets: The set bonus changing Hammer of Justice cooldown has been changed to a set bonus increasing the amount healed by Holy Shock.
[Pendant of the Violet Eye]: Paladin Judgment spells will again properly trigger this item.
Players can now only carry 80 [Conjured Mana Biscuit] at a time.
[Primal Nether] is no longer Bind on Pickup.
PvP Relics: The bonus resilience from Idols, Librams, and Totems is no longer stackable by swapping between multiple relics.
Resilience has been added to all Retribution Paladin PvP gear.
Added [Shattrath Flask of Pure Death] and [Shattrath Flask of Blinding Light] to the reputation flask vendors in Shattrath.
Shaman Elemental PvP Sets: The resistance on Lightning Bolt spell pushback has been reduced to 50%.
Shaman PvP Boots: The pre-Burning Crusade bonus to increase Ghost Wolf speed no longer works for players over level 60.
Shattrath Flasks now work inside the Sunwell Plateau raid instance.
[Skull of Gul'dan]: This item now shares its cooldown with other similar trinkets.
[Steam Tonk Controller]: This item can no longer trigger the Warrior talent Second Wind when it is driven out of range by the Warrior.
The On Use effect has been properly changed to passive for the following items: [Blue Overalls], [Brantwood Sash], [Firewalker Boots], [Gloves of Kapelan], [Hellion Boots], [Hibernal Gloves], [Hibernal Pants], [Kimbra Boots], [Mistscape Gloves], [Nightsky Trousers], [Sacred Burial Trousers], [Turquoise Sash], and [Woolen Boots], [Spinesever].
[Thunderstrike]: The Chain Lightning cast by this item will no longer jump to secondary targets which are under the effect of crowd-control spells that break on taking damage. i.e. Polymorph, Sap, etc.
[Tome of the Lightbringer]: The block value and buff duration have been increased.
[Totem of the Pulsing Earth]: The mana discount for Lightning Bolt has been increased slightly.
[Vengeful Gladiator's Waraxe]: The weapon delay has been reduced.
Weightstones and Sharpening Stones: The bonus damage from these temporary enchantments now works while shapeshifted.
[Winterfall Firewater]: The tooltip no longer specifies only melee attack power.
User interface
Interface24
The redesigned Interface Options.

The Interface Options screen has been completely redesigned. AddOns that interact with the Interface Options screen will need to be updated.
Players will now be able to inspect other players via their chat link. (Must still be in range)
Players may now inspect players of the opposing faction while they are not flagged for PvP.
Combat Log Improvements
New tabs are available for sorting combat messages.
ctrl-right clicking functionality has been added for individual information sorting
Colors may now be assigned for friends and enemies
The WoWCombatLog.txt file format has been changed to make it easier for programs to read.
The ability to chat-link player spells and talents.
Cast sequences work with slot numbers again.
GM messages now appear with a Blizzard icon near their name.
You can now declare war on a faction in the reputation UI while you are in combat.
Spell haste and Armor Penetration will now display on the character sheet. (Armor Penetration displays in the hit rating section). Spell Penetration now displays under the spell hit section.
Weapon enchants are now shown at the character selection screen.
The friends list now has a notes field per friend. Click on the note icon to add a note for a particular friend.
There is now a UI option to display free bag space. When turned on, your backpack will display the total number of free spaces available in all your bags.
You can now link quests into the chat log by Shift-Clicking on the quest name in the quest log.
Merchants now display how many pages of merchandise they sell (Page 1 of 2).
Guild Bank Changes
Ranks can now be set to allow withdraw of funds or allow repair with funds or both.
When purchasing a bank tab, it takes money out of the guild bank before it takes your personal money. This is logged as well.
Each Tab now has an info pane. This pane can be used for requests or for rules about the tab or anything at all really.
When looting Bind on Pickup items, the confirmation dialogue now lists the name of the item in the dialogue. You can now verify that you are picking up the correct bind on pickup item.
Bind on Pickup items that only you can pick up (Heroic Badges for instance) will no longer bring up a confirmation dialogue.
Players can now opt out of looting for group loot, round robin and need before greed looting styles. If a player turns this on, they will not get a looting turn in the loot cycle. This can be turned on from the right-click menu on your own portrait.
In Master Loot mode, all players in the group will see sparkles on corpses that have loot above the master loot threshold. This lets everyone see what the master loot items are, though they cannot interact with them. Only the master looter can loot those items still.
Searching for an item in the tradeskill search box should now hide empty categories.
The names over the heads of nearby players who are on your friends list will appear in a different color now so you can tell when they are nearby.
Stacked items for sale at the auction house now display the per unit price and per unit buyout price in the item mouseover.
The profession UI search field has been improved and now allows for searching of more types of things. For instance you can search for items by socket color, by effect ("Critical Strike" for instance) or search gems by their effect ("Strength" for instance). In addition, the searching of items by level has been made more intuitive. You can now search for items by level with "15-20" to search for items that you can make that have a minimum level required of 15 to 20.
The Tooltip for player Dodge/Block/Parry in the character sheet has been changed slightly.
Optimized particle system rendering for improved frame rates.
The casting bar will now display properly when casting Blizzard (mage) or Rain of Fire (warlock) with spell haste.
For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros Forum.
World Environment
Alterac Valley, Arathi Basin, Warsong Gulch, Blade's Edge Arena, Lordaeron Arena, and Nagrand Arena: Players who fall below the world in these environments will now die instead of being stuck.
Creature versions of Intimidating Shout have been changed to Frightening Shout, and the primary target of the ability is now feared instead of stunned.
Critters: Ambient level 1 creatures will no longer be picked as subsequent targets by chaining spells and abilities.
Combat 15 Doomwalker: This creature will no longer sometimes cause a player’s [Darkmoon Card: Vengeance] to trigger and put the player in combat with the Doomwalker.
Elites in Blade's Edge Plateau Regions: These creatures now have an increased chance to drop rare depleted items.
Combat 15 Eye of Culuthas and Combat 15 Hound of Culuthas now drop grey loot.
Combat 15 Goreclaw the Ravenous can now be skinned.
Interacting with objects (chests, mining nodes, herbs) should no longer aggro neutral creatures.
Combat 15 Monstrous Kaliri have learned how to chase players going straight up.
Combat 15 Shardtooth Mauler: This creature now drops meat like other bears.
Outland Rare Spawn
The following creatures have had their hit points and damage significantly reduced: Combat 15 Collidus the Warp-Watcher, Combat 15 Fulgorge, Combat 15 Hemathion, Combat 15 Kraator, Combat 15 Marticar, Combat 15 Morcrush, and Combat 15 Nuramoc
The Ratchet bank now has access to the Guild Vault.
A mailbox has been added to the inn in Darnassus.
Bug Fixes
Fixed an error that was causing many auctions to never complete due to the item no longer being on the auction house.
Combat 15 Splintertree Raiders will now respawn with Horde 15 Torek if Alliance 15 Duriel Moonfire and her guards are killed while the Raiders are still alive.
Female Draenei can no longer become stuck under a root in the tunnels leading to Blackfathom Deeps, Ashenvale.
The quest description text for "The Corpulent One" no longer refers to it being a group quest.
Saber/Tiger Mounts will now make footprints when walking backwards in snow.
Neutral 15 Ogri'la Peacekeeper's weapons have been scaled to a size more appropriate for keeping the peace.
Unplugging speakers/headphones during the opening cinematic will no longer freeze the cinematic until canceled.
Pets are now able to properly attack mobs near the walls on the ramps in Zul'Aman, Bear Wing.
The flag on the battle map in Eye of the Storm will no longer show up as Horde controlled even if an alliance player has picked it up.
Channeling spells will no longer continue to show the channeling bar after zoning into arena battlegrounds.
Blood Elf corpses now properly have loot in Alterac Valley battlegrounds.
Snake Trap will no longer affect non-combat flagged players.
Leaving a 2v2 arena team and creating a new 2v2 team while on a 3v3 arena team will no longer result in incorrect rosters listed for each team.
Joining a second arena match before a previous arena has closed will no longer result in personal rating not updating correctly.
Attempting to promote an arena team member to Team Captain while that member is offline will no longer result in a "Player not found" error.
Disbanding an arena team while inside an arena battle will no longer cause the arena UI to become corrupted until logout.
The Arena Team Petition Window will now automatically close when the Arena Captain is out of range or offline.
Switching arena teams after playing a game will no longer cause the PvP tab to incorrectly display your old team's rating.
There is now a chat message given after attaining a new title.
Spells that require targeting circles will now be castable on textures that would previously disallow their use.
Alterac Valley quests will now properly show a golden Quest Avail 16x16 or blue RRQ Complete 16x16 for players above level 65.
Combat 15 Nazan in Hellfire Citadel: Nazan will no longer sometimes not land on the ground until after Combat 15 Vazruden the Herald is killed or Nazan is heavily damaged.
Combat 15 Archimonde's Grip of the Legion will no longer target pets.
It is no longer possible to be saved to a Heroic instance while not meeting the requirements to get into it.
There is no longer an area in Serpentshrine Cavern where using [Field Repair Bot 74A] will cause it to fall through the ground.
There is no longer an area in The Steamvault where ground targeting AOE effects cannot be cast.
The proc from [Black Bow of the Betrayer] will no longer break crowd control effects such as Scatter Shot.
[Vengeful Gladiator's Mooncloth Hood] and [Vengeful Gladiator's Satin Hood] will now display Troll Tusks.
[Thori'dal, the Stars' Fury] will now display its bow animations correctly.
The Legion Ring boundary markers no longer occasionally disappear.
Monthly quests will now properly reset at midnight server time.
Fixed an area in Netherwing Fields in Shadowmoon Valley where players on flying mounts could be dismounted and were unable to mount.
It is no longer possible for players to use guild banks in opposing faction cities.
The [Clockwork Rocket Bot] can no longer be buffed.
Players with moderator status in custom channels will now properly lose moderator status when kicked by the channel owner.
Sending mail to a non-existent character will now result in players getting the message, "Cannot find mail recipient”.
Horde 15 Zapetta will no longer become confused about whether the zeppelin in Orgrimmar is arriving or leaving.