General
The Looking-For-Dungeon / Looking-For-Raid system should now properly assign classes to the roles that are most needed, as long as those roles are selected. It should no longer confine them to Tank/Healer/DPS priority if other roles are in short supply.
Master looter can no longer assign items in Looking-For-Raid groups to players that are already locked to that boss for the week.
Players should be unable to trade loot they got from Looking-For-Raid encounters to players that are loot locked to that boss.
Classes
Death Knight
Raise Ghoul, Blood Tap, Empower Rune Weapon, and Army of the Dead no longer benefit from the cooldown reduction and the duration increase from the buff Last Defender of Azeroth.
Druid
Druids can no longer cast Barkskin while Hexed.
Frenzied Regeneration is now correctly healing for 0.30% health for each point of Rage consumed and matches the amount in the tooltip.
Efflorescence should now correctly heal if the Swiftmended heal is absorbed by effects like Necrotic Strike.
Priest
A Priest with Spirit of Redemption who dies as the round is ending in Strand of the Ancients should no longer become permanently stunned for the rest of the game.
Rogue
Killing Spree should no longer return a script error when only stealthed targets are nearby.
Warrior
Deep Wounds should now only proc from crits, not passive damage.
Bladestorm will now always grant immunity when it is cast.
Dungeons & Raids
Well of Eternity
Eyes of Peroth'arn should now despawn after the stealth phase.
During the Mannoroth encounter in the Well of Eternity, players who drop combat via abilities like Vanish and Invisibility should no longer lose the Gift of Sargeras buff.
Displaced Shadowbats should now properly despawn in all situations.
Druids are no longer removed from their Shapeshifted form when they gain the Shadowcloak buff.
Hour of Twilight
Thrall should no longer be able to be killed in the gauntlet leading up to Archbishop Benedictus.
Thrall will no longer aggro additional trash packs in the Asira Dawnlayer gauntlet if a player mind controls a mob.
Dragon Soul
All bosses in Dragon Soul are now awarding both guild XP and reputation when defeated, in normal and Heroic raid difficulties.
Hagara
Ice Walls now move 15% slower on LFR Raid Finderdifficulty
Ultraxion
The minimum heal required to activate Essence of Dreams is now 1500, up from 500.
Spine of Deathwing
Players should no longer get disconnected once they release their spirit after jumping or falling off Deathwing.
Madness of Deathwing
Deathwing now properly slouches down and becomes attackable for phase two.
Corrupted Deathwing should now cast his spells appropriately when switching between platforms.
The Madness of Deathwing encounter should will appropriately die, play the end cinematic, spawn his appropriate loot chest, award Valor Points, and despawn when players defeat him.
Blackrock Caverns
Raz the Crazed's Furious Swipe should now properly hit enemies.
Temple of Ahn'Qiraj
All bosses should again reward the expected amount of Brood of Nozdormu reputation.
Items
The Speaking of Rage proc from all three versions of Vishanka, Jaws of the Earth should no longer miss against opponents of any level, regardless of the player's Hit Rating.
If a player loots a Heart of Flame with a full inventory, the item will be mailed to them.
Quests and Creatures
Kilix the Unraveler should no longer offer the deprecated quest "All Things in Good Time".
Telenus and Kali Remik no longer offer the deprecated quest "Seek the Farstriders".
Blackhowl Footsoldiers should no longer path under the terrain or path oddly around stairs.
The Crystalspire Stone Drake will no longer despawn for players who have engaged Zoltrik Drakebane.